scrambled eggs are one of these dishes
that everybody no matter how old or how
young seem to enjoy pretty much any time
of the day breakfast lunch or dinner an
egg will not let you down so it only
makes sense to learn how to get really
good at making them I'm Danny Spees and
I'm showing you how to make really good
scrambled eggs now I'm not claiming that
making scrambled eggs is rocket science
but there's definitely a handful of tips
worth knowing to ensure that you've got
yourself some effortlessly delicious
eggs here's what I do I've got two eggs
in a bowl and to that I'm gonna add one
tablespoon of water then using my fork
I'm just gonna lightly mix it together
you just want the eggs and the yolks to
co-mingle but you don't want to beat it
to death the water is gonna help to make
the eggs nice and light and fluffy now
if you prefer a creamy custardy egg skip
the water add some cream now if there's
only one thing you're gonna remember
about making really good scrambled eggs
it's that they need to be cooked low and
slow so I'm gonna turn my heat on to a
medium low and then I'm gonna add about
1/2 a teaspoon of coconut oil to the pan
now you could use any fat that you want
here butter works olive oil works but I
personally love that sweet flavor that
the coconut oil adds to the eggs now
once the oil has melted and you've got a
nice thin coating on the bottom of your
pan you're gonna add in the eggs I like
to give them one last mix and then any
they go and this is when I salt 1 pinch
of salt right over the top now remember
you've got to be patient here guys so
this is our chance to reach in and find
that inner Buddha because you don't want
to touch them until you start to see the
outside of the eggs setting once you see
that you're gonna take the spatula and
gently pull the edges of the egg towards
the center of the pan and you'll see the
uncooked egg loses out and these light
fluffy curds of eggs start to form hmm
just keep moving it along then right
before your eggs are where you like them
shut off the heat because eggs will go
from light and fluffy and delicious to a
rubber type
just like that look at that gorgeous so
now that you guys have got this basic
technique down get in your kitchen and
start cooking and you're gonna quickly
see that scrambled eggs can be a clean
eaters best friend for more simple and
nutritious recipes tips and ideas be
sure you check out clean and delicious
com I'm Danny speeds and I'll see you
next time with another how-to mmm rain
you're good you're good when you're good
you're good my eggs good my eggs are
good your eggs are gonna be good - whoo